---
layout: post
title: luna
date: 2020-01-11 20:14:40 -0700
categories: dreams
---

*. . . . in which i observe luna modeling for what i understand is a music video. the setting is underground, in a tunnel, with vague overtones of the london underground. it is dark and i am unaware of anyone else in particular, though i understand that a film crew is present. luna is dressed in white and has a white veil. her face is visible through the veil, but expressionless throughout. i am aware that she is moving, yet whenever i observe her she is completely still, lifeless. she just appears to be in one pose over here, then over there. the poses are rigid and triangular . . . i understand that luna is unhappy and wants to escape, and that she has disappeared far away into the system of interconnecting tunnels. i am however able to track/follow her. i emerge, far away, as if through a manhole, in the desert, and this is where she is now. there is the impression that she has been here for some time ahead of me. there are rocks and plants suggestive of joshua tree. it is by contrast hot and colourful, more vibrant than the desert would normally be. nonetheless there is a pool of water, perhaps a spring, and luna is drinking the water. i understand that the water has a special quality, and it is giving her a vision. i feel invited to partake, and feel a sense of wellness from the intensity of the light and colours, the clandestine nature of where we are, as if she has taken me to a secret place, and for the vision which i am about to receive, the promise of self-discovery and healing.*
