---
layout: post
title: not too bad
date: 2024-01-21 09:54:57
categories: memories
---

the way he would laugh, the pirate one, *har-harrr*, winking, the more
sardonic *hur-hur* and sometimes a *haw-haw* like you stepped into a
big old pile of cow shit in only your flip-flops, *schadenfreude*, of
uncontrolled hilarity, coming from somewhere deep inside, *HHHAAA HHAA
HA hhhaaa hhaa ha*, or a mouthless stifled snorting explosion, the way
his brow would furrow up high and his eyes would squint together at
the most outrageous part of a story, the way I have only seen him and
Albert do it, the way I would do it, only when talking to him and he
sees Albert in me, the way he would close one eye and tilt his head
when doing his pirate laugh, Robert Newton, the way he would "ruin"
photographs with that face or picking his nose, the way he would
eventually give you something more authentic that wasn't a smile if
you bothered to wait long enough, like the last photo I took of him,
the way both of them were pure him, the way he meekly obliged like he
just knew, the way he would muss his hair that was wild from bad hair
cuts and only washing with soap, Marty, Great Scott, *har-harrr*, the
way he would bend his fingers, exercises exercises we must do our
exercises, the rain in spain falls mainly on the plain, zee rain in
zpain fallz mainly in zee fucking buckets, hm-HM, hm-HM, hm-HM hm-HM
hm-HM, the way he would do rasgueados on the table or in the air or
finger a passage rhythmically while humming along, ðŸŽµ *please release
me let me go* ðŸŽµ, the way he would raise those big bushy eyebrows and
say he was growing them out to comb back and cover his baldness, the
way he rolled his eyes and winced whenever Sue talked over him, the
way he rolled his eyes and winced whenever Sue spoke for him and got
it wrong, the way he rolled his eyes and winced whenever Sue did
fucking anything, the way he rolled his eyes and winced whenever Mary
did fucking anything, the way he yelled out in pain and looked at me
like a hurt little boy when Mary grabbed his arm and pulled it, the
same arm she broke and kept pulling until I told her to stop because
that wasn't enough by itself, the way he would scarf down his dinner,
the human dustbin, the way he would more unapologetically scarf it
down and leave the table to go watch television as he got older, the
way he was always watching or reading or listening to the news, the
time we were looking for a Crombie overcoat in London and saw George
Melly and he approached him meekly and George Melly was a complete
cunt to him and I was embarrassed and I was never sure if he was too
or if he hadn't noticed that George Melly was being a cunt to him, the
way he would scratch his five o'clock shadow with his thumbnail and it
would make a noise, the way I loved that noise, the way he was not too
bad, the way he was every day, in every way, getting better and
better, the way how if he was feeling better tomorrow he would get out
in the garden or do some work on the bike or work on the train set,
the way I think he still thinks that if he's feeling better tomorrow
he'll get out in the garden, the way he knew where every single
fucking thing in the house was, every screw or cable or piece of rope
or catalogue, the way he loved the Blue Moons but was more ambivalent
about the Icebergs and how that David Austin was a load of bloody
crap, the way he tried to order the roses behind Sue's back on his
deathbed, don't tell your mother, the way he tried to get Lucy in on
it because she was sneaky and could keep a secret, the way Sue would
give him hell over the least thing but somehow it was worth risking
everything for the roses, the way I offered him some Beethoven and he
said ooh yeah I'd love a bacon sandwich, the way you hadn't had a
bacon sandwich until you had one from that place off London Bridge,
the way he was right about that, you hadn't, the way I only really
felt myself sometimes when I talked to him, the way I only used my
real voice which is a South London voice I suppose when I talked to
him and that part of me is also gone forever, the way he wasn't too
affectionate but he hugged me at Folkesone Central the last time we
were both there and the last two times I saw him in Chester, load of
crap, sod 'em, sod the lot of 'em, not too bad, mind how you go, the
way he got electrocuted because he liked playing golf most of all when
no other fucker would go out, the way he lost himself in golf for two
years in Fiji, the way he alluded to existential questions of golf
balls and the bleak loneliness of life at sea but was almost always
cheerful, the way he only lost his temper a few times ever, the way he
was much better at finding golf balls than losing them, knickers and
suspenders, Dominickers, the epitome of sartorial elegance, maniacal
laughter, *sangfroid*, the way he was wrong about evolution but
insisted he was right, the way he had a lot of tall tales, the way he
knew the name of every cloud, the way he seemed to relish losing his
teeth, *har-harrr, matey*, Speckled Jim, the way he hated Peter Cook
for making comedy out of Cerebral Palsy and enjoyed seeing his head
being cut off in Blackadder, the way he loved Baldrick, Frank Spencer,
Trigger, someone sweet and innocent and kind-hearted who seems to
infuriate the others, the way he'd seem to enjoy winding all those
people up, the others, the way the world would be much better if we
were all Baldricks or Franks or Triggers, the way he thought he had
the criminal gene, the way he got me to forge documents for him when I
was a kid, the way he took things in lieu of overtime, the way he had
exquisite taste but was also an iconoclast, the way he loved his mum
until the day she died, the way he loved his mum until the day he
died, the way he would have a fry up when the old witch went away, the
way he was just a helpless little boy, the way you'd wonder if he'd
ever cut his own hair left to his own devices but he didn't like mine
much, defenestrate, *teaaaaa, teaaaaaa*, decimate, hanged, successful
bowel movement, an exchange of Billingsgate, the way he would have an
exchange of Billingsgate with himself, shit, shave and a shower, the
rain in spain, zis is zee naughty one, load of filth, the cat crept
into the crypt, crapped and crept out again, ðŸŽµ *the black cat spat in
the yellow cat's eye and the tabby cat said gawd blimey* ðŸŽµ, the
crapton fictor, did you go to the acropolis, the way he would say
Happy New Year, Jimmy, on you birthday, ðŸŽµ *curry in dee morning,
curry at night* ðŸŽµ, stand by your beds, hands off your cocks and on
with your socks, a bath once a year whether she needed it or not,
Shirley MaClaine, Inspector Clouseau's herringbone stalker, the place
where all the nobs hangout, who let Tommy out of prison, who's dropped
their guts, *qui s'excuse s'accuse*, snatchbox, The Baby's Revenge by
Nora Tits, when you hear the price you'll shit yourself, sue 'em,
hello sailor, *ere, har-harrrr*, the way a tonne of cement landed on
his big toe and fucked it up, the way one foot was bigger than the
other and i wasn't sure if it was always that way or changed after the
tonne of cement landed on his big toe, the way he was very particular
about tonnes, tunnes and tons, the way he was very particular about
laying and lying, the way he would tell me every time that attorney is
synonymous with crook, the way he had an *ohrwurm* in *The Humming
Chorus* and he asked me my advice and I told him to go ahead and
listen to *The Humming Chorus* as many times as he damn well liked and
he did, the way I eventually got him *Madama Butterfly* on LP and he
was afraid to listen to the whole thing because it seemed indecent on
account of how sad it all was, Sir Patrick Moore's meaty whore, the
way he recalled how once when he was at sea they caught a Marlin and
it was so much fish that they were eating Marlin for days and
eventually they had to throw most of it back into the ocean and that
it was one of the saddest thing that he ever saw, the way that it was
not a compass but a set of compasses, Pythagorean, the windmill proof,
-1<sup>2</sup> = 1, the number line, the way he fell out with his
brother for twenty years but buried the hatchet after the kidney
failure, the way he didn't talk to his sister barely at all and never
got round to burying the hatchet, the way he kept up with Albert the
whole time even though he seemed at times to be the meanest of them
all, *Decline and Fall*, the way he always had a huge umbrella and
really why would anyone want anything less, the way he smuggled a
salami in his trousers just like in *Allo allo*, the way he became a
man overboard one time and had to be rescued by a helicopter and acted
like it wasn't a big deal but it probably was, I mean it was probably
traumatic, the way i slipped on the ice on my bike and landed on my
face and got my glasses stuck in my face and had to go to the hospital
and he asked if the bike was alright, Sea Island cotton, nah, *allez
allez*, *avez-vous un cuppa*, sheep shank, heaving line hitch, star
knot, bowline, ðŸŽµ *the working class can kiss my arse, I've got the
boatswain's job at last* ðŸŽµ, the way he would spin my legs round and
round when I was a kid and it would always make me laugh no matter
where I started, the way he told me that you've seen one and you've
seen them all and I think he really meant it too and I wondered only
after he passed if he might have been ace, or was he traumatised or
something else, the way that when Mary broke his right arm he started
writing with his left hand like it wasn't a big deal and I found out
that he probably was left handed the whole time and that they *made*
him write with his right hand when he was a kid, the way that that's
really fucked up, the way he was obsessed with Gothic script, the way
that his handwriting looked like a kind of calligraphy as if he
couldn't write naturally with his right hand but had to in this very
studied, deliberate way, the way that that was still authentically him
anyway, *illegitimi carborundum*, M I double S I double S I double P
I, *eso sÃ­ que es*, Johnny Rotten and the Turds, shit, shower and a
shave, Mustapha Pony, small brown Richard III, the way I made him walk
around Asheville dying for a slash and nobody knew it was because he
had an enlarged prostate, the way I drove kind of recklessly on the
way to Asheville and it was the first time I had driven him anywhere
but he gave me the impression I had his approval which seemed like a
high bar anyway, the way I overheard, over the baby monitor, that I
was a good lad for the way I tucked him in at night and that made the
whole thing worth it, the way he was probably a side sleeper but
taught himself how to sleep on his back when he slept on the floor for
six months for reasons that are not clear, the way he'd make the tent
up and sleep in the garden in the summer, lovely bit of fish,
herringbone, fleur de lis, RAF braces, the time he was attacked by
pirates and I never knew, the way he acted like it was no big deal and
I thought that was cool but later learned that it was a big deal, the
way it was most likely deeply traumatic and I wish I had responded
more sensitively, not too bad, doing a blockbuster, alert the coast
guard, do you know the name of your ship, the way, when you got a hair
cut, he would say, which one, the way when someone asked him what his
name was he would say it still is, the way when you said hi he would
say how high, the way you'd always dread his going to sea but he
probably quite liked it, *fart easy*, children of the abyss, the way
this feels like his going to sea for the last time, the big sea in the
sky, and the biggest feeling of dread
