---
layout: post
title: bomb
date: 2024-01-29 21:33:49
categories: memories
---

when dad died it was like a quiet bomb had been detonated that made
mum take his phone not forty-eight hours after to get it wiped and
swapped out for a free upgrade and made mum gaslight lucy about the
fact that dad had ever given her the epitaph that he wanted and made
up her own with mary and made lucy tell my aunt all the family secrets
and then worry that she had said too much and that she'd tell my other
aunt and that maybe she'd even take legal action against her for
things that happened thirty seven years ago and made lucy worry that
mum and mary were conspiring against her and that dad was really the
only thing that was standing in the way of her becoming destitute and
made mum and mary's actions not entirely inconsistent with that and
made mum ring lucy using dad's phone the day after he died and she
thought for a second that he was calling hew and made mum ring me not
once and when i rang her only spoke about the fact that the internet
was broken and how she wiped his phone less than forty-eight hours
after and how she had already given away some precious things and did
a spring clean of the room and gave ross the pillows that he died on
and made mum text me to say that the turkish delight i got her for
christmas was shit and that i should get my money back from harrods
because mary had exhausted attempts to get some free shit out of them
directly without my knowing and made mum decide that dad was a
catholic after all and made mum decide along with mary and matthew
that dad would like to come to his own funeral in jeans because that's
how he felt about mary and matthew's wedding and didn't realize that
dad took enormous pride in his appearance for things that actually
mattered and made mum scold my aunt for being too ill to come but not
ill enough to be dead and made mum go out shopping for a new coat the
very next day and lie to marks and spencer about the king charles
spaniel with a bladder infection and sinusitus that she was wheeling
around in a child's perambulator being in fact a service animal of all
things and made my mum insist that she could honestly look my dead dad
in the eye and tell him unflinchingly that she did not would not sign
the dnr in spite of the fact that she delayed calling the doctor for
sixteen hours because she'd have to wait on the phone or they'd send
someone she hadn't seen before and when the paramedics did finally
come prevented him from going to hospital in spite of the fact that it
was his wish to be taken to the hospital
