---
layout: post
title: jimmy (wip)
date: 2024-02-10 18:53:52
categories: reflections
---

there was a sort of whisper in the forest, a sort of amalgam of winds
that thrashed this way and that, of limbs outstretched, trying to
overcome their crown shyness, of the transfer of nutrients between
intertwined roots, of inosculating trunks, branches and roots, of
fluctuations in the habits of networks of penetrating mycelia, of
mosses and lichen, of the tendril perversion of vining plants, of the
arboreal locomotion of small animals, of birdsong, the cascading
patterns of which, undulating, propagating from tree to tree, of the
movements of birds and pollinators rudely probing, of the shafts of
light softly filtered through leaves, through the magical forest haze,
of softly dappled light fairies, that Jimmy, who John had not seen
since they were mere saplings really, was stricken with another
infected canker, from which he would this time most likely not
recover, would not have long before being delivered most finally to
the forest floor, and John, forever fixed to this point now,
entertained no hope of seeing his brother again, no notion of family
save for his memories, recalling the agony of the first time they were
separated, back in the nursery, his baby brother, a mere sapling, too
young then to join him and Albert and Mary, hearing, when they were
reunited, of the ghastly destruction brought by the storm of '39, a
terror from which he never fully recovered, would continue to shake
his leaves in a manner, though almost imperceptible, most unnatural,
