---
layout: post
title: float
date: 2025-06-20 22:29:06 -0700
categories: reflection
---

another $100 wasted on a float consumed with thoughts of revenge. trying to make sense of it all. what evidence is there? turning the heating off in the middle of winter. wearing two sweaters and complaining that she didn't understand the thermostat. telling lucy one of them has got to go. wiping his phone 36 hours after he died. accessing his personal documents locked in his brief case. telling me, after his phone was wiped, that the police could still find it all. it all amounts to a pile of fucking nothing i suppose.

it's clear to me now: she thought dad's will was void because it hadn't been updated since they moved. and she of course blocked any attempt for him to update it, just like she's done before. and she meticulously destroyed anything else that might have resembled his last will and testament just in case. i think she conspired with mary to try to gain control of what remained. but she fucked up because she didn't realize that solicitor was still the executor of his estate. but she acted like it was all a plot that the girls had against her.

if you're reading this, and i sincerely hope you aren't, just know that i hope you go to hell for what you've done. and i hope that your last days are filled with misery. they surely will be if mary is taking care of you. you must know that she hates you too. because, just like you, she hates everyone, and will only stick around if you're good for something. have you not figured out what that thing is? or maybe you have and you think that's what makes her strong. either way, you're despicable. be fucked.

there's only one way i will sign anything: if she hands over the rest of the property to the kids as it states in dad's will, and if she gives lucy the extra 100,000 that dad had intended for her from the sale of the old house. then we'll talk.

almost shit my pants today on my tea date with kira. got down to the last line of defense - just the ass cheeks defying physics by holding it all in. if there was any romance left in that relationship i'm sure it's dead now.
